Well, at this point we have styled all of
the individual components that make up our
difficult design.
And now it's time for
you to give this a try.
You're gonna put this all together
into a single code pen and
assemble everything in place, and so
we have links here to the code
pens that you're going to need.
We started with out small elements,
remember all of our little boxes, and
lightning bolts and that kind of thing
we have our double border corners our
navigation tweaks that we needed to make.
Our cover icons, the track list
that flies out for tablet, and
the tablet version, of course
contains also the mobile version, and
the diamond images, with all of those
kinds of things that are available to you.
And there's links to all of those code
pens containing those bits of code.
Here's my recommended approach for
you as you do this.
So first of all,
I would recommend that you fork
the double borders corners Code pen.
Because in that code pen I've given you
some commenting in the HTML as to where
you should insert things like the track
list and the diamonds and so on and so
forth.
Then from the diamonds code pen,
which is the last one that we developed,
copy the CSS and
the JavaScript from there and
paste that into the double
borders code pen.
You can get rid of
whatever was there before.
Then go through and copy the appropriate
HTML from the remaining code pens
into that double border code pen
that we started with, and then test.
You're going to find that the design
should work for mobile and tablet, And
there's probably going to be a few minor
tweaks that you're gonna need to make in
order to make it work perfectly.
And to remind you what the final
version is going to look like.
We are looking for
a mobile site that looks like this.
Remember we have our cover and
our audio here.
Remember we have our track
list that's going to open.
And then we're going to have our reviews,
our shows announced box,
and then our diamond layout there,
followed by a couple of buttons and
lightning bolts and so
forth all the way down to the bottom.
When you look at this,
at tablet dimensions,
your site should look like this,
you're gonna have your nav bar.
Remember, you're going to have the ability
to have your track list fly out.
And then everything else is the same
as you scroll on down here on the page,
you'll have your reviews.
You'll have your shows the downspouts,
your diamonds, and
the other little elements there
at the bottom of the page.
Don't worry about the desktop layout
that just yet we'll do that momentarily.
So go ahead and give this a try and
see if you can get this all assembled.
All right, well,
I hope that all worked out for you.
You should have a basically
a working page here for
the tablet now that we've
assembled all of the parts,
so make sure you're with
here in code pen is no more.
Then say 800 pixels, 900 pixels.
That is where we want to test and
make sure that this is working correctly.
When you get to desktop dimensions, you'll
find that the page looks ridiculous.
Don't worry about that right now, we are
about to add our desktop breakpoint and
fix that particular problem.
Right now, we're only concerned with
what's going on on tablet and mobile.
So what I would recommend that you do as
you've put together this entire page,
make sure that all of your
widgets are working here.
We have a functional navigation bar.
We have functional audio is still working.
Our track list still opens and
closes the way it should.
That's always our first check, make sure
we haven't broken any of the JavaScript or
that we remembered to copy it all over,
that is an important thing to do.
Make sure that as we scroll down here,
things look reasonable.
So our diamonds have
a little bit of a gap here.
One of the things you may have to go
back and do is in your diamond layout,
you may need to add a little
bit of margin on the top.
We set the diamond pane here to center
on the page via margin zero auto,
but you may need to change that to say
like two REM auto in order to give you
a little bit of space on the top,
and the bottom.
So there's that, everything else
should be all in line here on mobile.
When you make it a little bit bigger,
your track list should still fly out,
should still be smooth, should still
have your close button working,
the audio should continue to work.
[MUSIC]
Your reviews should be working correctly.
And remember we did some work on those,
lightning bolts,
so the correct lightning bolts should be
on and the correct ones should be off.
And again, we still have the new tour and
the diamonds and so forth.
They're all approximately the same width.
So, if you manage to get a page
that looks pretty similar to that,
you're doing great.
And of course,
the answer to that particular challenge
is available in CodePen as well.
You can always compare
that with your code.